can't pull hockey stick here we go for a
little PDR PDR hockey will tell you this
from Austin Texas location unknown we
got four on four we or we got two on two
this is PDR solutions we got Christian
Wiggins we got Shawn read we got Thomas
van do and we got Paul every here we go
this is what we do all hail season all
right here we go here we go
oh that's a good shot right there oh
alright Buck's out bring it back in here
we go sticks ready all right there you
go no high stick there we go back and
play Oh get it get it
there goes Darryl start referee right
now oh there we go there we go we got
one nuts and let's get it back and play
Oh God oh there's there we go oh I'll
tell you what right now this is some
hard core cardio man your hips will be
dying for all you smokers don't attempt
this you will be hurt and dipping is
allowed
I know what y'all are thinking but he'll
wait 40 got a penalty right there no I'm
just playing it was clean Oh off the
goalpost good at it oh no didn't go in
Oh Thomas using that way some of y'all
might know Thomas he gets around he gets
around a lot all the boys right now are
down in El Paso not borne out the
business I know but that's just the way
it goes last for many years so they say
until another one comes but some of us
you know kick back and this wait wait
and we just sit here and play freakin
hockey it's also a handball court so but
you know you need something to do your
wives what are they doing you got to
tell them you're at work or they're like
students and do that and do this good
stuff Oh someone goes around knock upon
oh he's good did you score that's good
stuff 11 you look at about two minutes
two minutes left
check them check them
all right there goes them 00 bring the
action back over here good stuff man
that's like running into a wall Sean
door there we go we got two one what oh
it wasn't a four okay don't get John too
much time messing around there
no check them check them shoes oh no
Darrell hoping that whatever their Oh
y'all got about 25 seconds left